pages/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
permalink: index.html
template-options:
  - no-title
---

I'm an assistant professor of digital media in the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Texas State University. I study social media data and algorithms, platform monetization and infrastructures.

Academic publications in: [Environment and Planning D: Society and Space](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/0263775820911940), [Big Data and Society](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/2053951718818194), [Social Media + Society](http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/2056305116666305), [First Monday](http://firstmonday.org/ojs/index.php/fm/article/view/8055/6544), ACM Proceedings on [Human-Computer Interaction](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2557055), [Design of Communication](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3353932) and [Designing Interactive Systems](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2602782), [Journal of Documentation](http://www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/abs/10.1108/JD-12-2014-0169) and [Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/asi.23563/full).

Sometimes I make web things like [a digital edition of Gertrude Stein's Tender Buttons](./assets/projects/stein/) and [a generative grammar that tries to get you to buy islands](http://www.buyislands.info).

Commit message:

update home, add web work

pages/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
permalink: index.html
template-options:
  - no-title
---

I'm an assistant professor of digital media in the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at Texas State University. I study infrastructures' roles in shaping work and provisioning information.

Academic publications in: [Environment and Planning D: Society and Space](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/0263775820911940), [Big Data and Society](https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/2053951718818194), [Social Media + Society](http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/abs/10.1177/2056305116666305), [First Monday](http://firstmonday.org/ojs/index.php/fm/article/view/8055/6544), ACM Proceedings on [Human-Computer Interaction](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2557055), [Design of Communication](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=3353932) and [Designing Interactive Systems](https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2602782), [Journal of Documentation](http://www.emeraldinsight.com/doi/abs/10.1108/JD-12-2014-0169) and [Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/asi.23563/full).

Sometimes I make [web things](web.html).
